you have reached as and so far going. This is Donna. I'll be assisting you with your encouraged today. At least being for that, this call is being recorded and monitored for quality assurance purposes. How may I help you? Okay, I'm I didn't have I mean, I'm happy to assist you, um, for me to be able to pull up your, uh, subscription. He said you're kind of a bite me your first and your last name. Oh, l y and, uh, yes. L a Kate. Yes. Okay. Just, uh, go ahead and pull up here. Uh, subscription here or your account. Okay. And that could be going to verify your even lattice. And is your I mean, shipping address a mature building out of us. Correct. How about your phone number? Okay, Thank you very much for that. Information is like, if you don't want me asking me another reason why you want to cancel the subscription. I do understand that. Uh, Miss Lee, uh, this is what I can do for you. For you to be able to, you know, to, uh, maximize or enjoy the benefits of the argon. I'll going to extend your, uh, pre trial for another 15 days. with no charge. So at least you do have, uh, 15 days to enjoy. Ah, you know, amazing product. And then I'll give us a call back, uh, before the end of that 15 day additional extension for you to give us the fifth back. Because what I heard from you that you haven't used the product of that much. So you're not, you know, here did not get what the benefits of it. So this is the reason why I'm extending your, um ah, period or your pre trial for you to be able to, uh, enjoy and discovered the benefits of s and so far. Okay. Okay, let me check here. So you're, um, a red extended Europe retire. It will end on August 20 for it. So you need to give us a call back before all this started before to give us a feedback. Uh, if you, uh I mean, what happened to the product, if if then something. You know, uh, it give you the benefits? Such any. But let's say, uh, you love the product and like, the product to give us a call back there. Okay? it will be automatically. Uh, you will be receiving, um, another bottle for your monthly subscription. And, uh, let's set up a call. I heard that you're not You know, uh, your, uh you're dealing about the the price, which is at $3.80 9. Okay, So what I can do for you is, aside from extending your pre trial for another 15 days and also giving you my employer discounts, which is threat at, uh, percent, uh, this gone. So instead of paying $83.80 you're going to pay only $67 forces, How about that? Okay. Uh, this is not uh-huh. Ah, this is my maximum them boy, this got a 40% employee. This done. I'll give it to you. It's actually a life five employee discount. So instead of paying $83.80 or just be paying $50 at 28, Yes, that's what I should want. Yes, that's what you want. As long as you need it. Oh, okay. Okay. Um is like and I? How can I just put your home? Sure. Thank you. Thank you very much for patiently waiting, Miss Lee. Okay. Hm. Okay. I ready to talk to, uh, my supervisors or add them. She asked me, uh, what amount would you feel? The product would be more affordable for you and make your continue your subscription with us. we will ask you the c. Okay, may I have the way? That's great. Uh, cause already giving you my employees this call the 40%. Right. So my supervisor give you another 40% so that's an equivalent of 80%. So instead of pay $80.80 what you'll be paying is only $16.76 every month for everybody. How about that? Okay, that's great. So, uh, I'm extending your a pre trial until August 24th. After overstretched. Before you will be charge only $16.76. Okay, so every month you're all be paying. I mean, you will be receiving a bottle of presence of I got and you will be enjoying the benefits of the product. But you will be only paying $16.76. Okay, Okay. Okay. That's so that's great. So, uh, uh, just for a recap this lake, I extend that to your A pre trial for another 15 days, and it's going to be end on all the 34 so you can give us a call back, Uh, by we didn't set period of time to give us a feedback. But if, like what I said, if you enjoy the product is give you the benefits of the amazing benefits of the product. You don't need to give us a call back. It will be automatically. You will be receiving a subscription every month, but you will be only pay $16.76 because you already give you our employee discount of 80% for lifetime. Okay, Okay, Alright. Okay. That's so, um Is there anything can help you with? Okay, that so we valuated. This is Thank you for calling. As in so far. Gonna have a great day.